Okay, we're ready now to go onto the
96Boards website and get our binaries and
our boot loader for the Ubuntu image.
>> All right, so, stick with me here guys,
it's gonna be a bunch of link copying.
So we're gonna go into our browser.
Type in 96boards.org.
And then the first link that's gonna come
up, is the one that we're gonna click on.
So, let's click on that.
And it's gonna take a second for
it to come up.
>> We're on the campus internet.
>> Yeah.
>> [LAUGH].
>> Take a little longer.
And here we go.
And as soon as we go to the website,
you'll see a blue micro-controller
here called the DragonBoard 410C.
We're gonna click on that.
And then we're gonna
click on downloads here.
We're gonna scroll down past
the latest microSD card images.
And then you're gonna see a small
link here that says, wiki pages here.
So we want to click on that.
And it's gonna take you
to a GitHub.com website.
So we're gonna scroll down that.
And then we're gonna click on install
android or Ubuntu using flashboot.
So once we click on that,
you're gonna scroll down.
You're gonna see a section called
Install Linaro/Ubuntu release.
So you want to go into that section.
You'll see a link that says, download the
latest Ubuntu bootloader zip located here.
So click on that blue thing there.
>> You'll notice also like on this page,
there's lots of other resources.
I'd recommend checking
everything else out as well.
>> Yeah.
>> What he's downloading right now.
Is one of several files you're
gonna actually have to download so.
>> So this is the bootloader here,
and all of these files will be zipped.
And on the same page, you'll find
instructions to how to unzip them too, so
you can take a look at that.
And then the second thing we
wanna download is the boot image.
And it says right here, for the latest
Ubuntu boot image, we wanna click here.
We want to click on that one.
And then, the last one we want to click on
is, we're gonna skip the next blue here.
We're gonna go to the one that says,
the graphical X version based on LXDE,
and we're gonna click on that one.
That's the root file system, and
that's a very important file, so
you wanna click on that to get
the graphical interface of Ubuntu.
And those are the three
files you're gonna need.
That's basically everything you're
gonna need to start fast booting
Linaro onto a Dragon board.
>> Yeah, the Ubuntu operating system
comes in two different kinds of
operating systems.
One, which is the command line only.
That's more for
just direct communication with the board,
developing Kind of hard core coders there.
>> Yeah.
>> Then you have the graphical interface
one, which he is talking about,
which is the ALIP version.
And you can find out a little bit more
about this reading into the release notes
on the downloads page, where you can
see the Ubuntu and the Android links.
But, yeah, it's definitely important
that you get the desktop version,
because that's the version we're
actually gonna be using in
this whole specialization,
the desktop version.
>> It's much easier to look at too and
work with, so we're gonna use that one.
And we'll see you in the next video, and
show you how to create path variables
to whatever you need to access.